# US3003 - As Project Manager, I want the team to "explore" the synchronization problems related to the synchronization of shared boards and design a conceptual solution based on practical evidence.

## 1. Context

It is the first time the task is assigned to be developed.
This User story main objective is to develop a conceptual solution for synchronization problems related to the shared boards part of this application

## 2. Requirements

**US description**

This functional part of the system has very specific technical requirements, particularly some concerns about synchronization problems.
Specific requirements will be provided in SCOMP.
In fact, several clients will try to concurrently update boards. As such, to explore and study this concurrency scenario **a "model" of a solution must be implemented and evaluated in C, using processes and semaphores**.


## 3. Analysis
**SCOMP's teacher clarification:** </br>

> Boa tarde,
relativamente ao exercício a realizar com base no NFR11, informamos que este é apenas um protótipo a ser desenvolvido em C, não integrado com o resto da aplicação de LAPR4. Deve demonstrar uma possível solução para a sincronização das boards recorrendo a primitivas de semáforos e memória partilhada, discutidas nas aulas de SCOMP. Esta resolução deve ser discutida com o vosso professor das PL e deve ser submetida, tal como todos os outros exercícios, através do bitbucket e no moodle de SCOMP.
(...)
Cumprimentos,
Luis Lino Ferreira

## 4. Design

After discussing this us with SCOMP's PL teacher we came to these conclusions:

* The board will be simulated by using a two-dimensional array placed in shared memory
* The board will contain integers, to simulate the post-its, simplifying the actions performed in the board(write, read, change places) 
* In the board actions, a sleep() should be placed , to add more time to the operation, so the synchronisation can be easily verified 
* Only one semaphore will be used so sync actions, as this is only a concept of a solution, making it simpler
* The program will perform actions in the board and, at the same time show the board so the actions can be observed

### 4.1. Rational
N/A

### 4.2 Sequence Diagram
N/A

### 4.3 Tests

For this US tests will be done simply by running the program and checking if it has the execution flow that is expected

## 5. Implementation
1. Swap 2 elements of th board 
```
    int row2 = rand () % N_ROWS;
    int column2 = rand () % N_COLUMNS;
    printf("Swapping contents from post-its (%d,%d) and (%d,%d) ...\n",row,column,row2,column2);
    int aux = shared_mem->board[row][column];
    shared_mem->board[row][column] = shared_mem->board[row2][column2];
    shared_mem->board[row2][column2] = aux;
    sleep(CHANGE_TIME);
```


2. Print the current state of the board
```
sem_wait(sem_print_board);
for (int a = 0; a < N_ROWS; a++){
    for(int b = 0; b < N_COLUMNS; b++){
        printf("[%d]", shared_mem->board[a][b]);
    }
    printf("\n");
}
sem_post(sem_board);
```
## 6. Observations
N/A
