# US G003 - As Project Manager, I want the team to use the defined project repository and continuous integration server.


## 1. Context

In this US it is necessary for our group to have a git repository to be able to share the project files between the team members and also with teachers. The night builds are going to test if our project is always buildable.

## 2. Requirements

The team should accept the already assigned GitHub repository and set it up to be used along the project.  
The GitHub repository will provide night builds with publishing of results and metrics.

## 3. Analysis

We will follow the instructions given by the teacher in moodle and during the online class to join the repository and to make sure that the night builds are working properly.

Repository instructions in moodle : https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=21898#p27603

Night build instructions in moodle : https://moodle.isep.ipp.pt/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=22343#p28252

## 4. Design

### 4.1. Realization

1. To start working with the GitHub repository our team followed the link given by the professor.

2. We selected our student number (from ISEP)

3. The first team member entered the number of our group and selected "Create Team", the others only needed to select the team and join it.

4. Finally, we all had access to the repository.

Because the night builds were already set up, we didn't have to do anything in that regard.

### 4.2. Tests
Every night tests are made that make sure that our project is buildable. A report is also generated automatically.

## 5. Implementation

N/A

## 6. Integration/Demonstration

N/A

## 7. Observations

There aren't any other additional observations to be made for this US.